# Scene:Soren_intro

It was dead quiet, in the forest close to @village:unnamed. @character:Soren, understanding the danger , looked towards his younger sister. A nod of quiet determination calmed his nerves a little, but his grip on his knife didn't loosen that much. He signalled her to follow him to a bush. Checking the leaves just to be sure of no later mishaps, he walked in, @character:Saran closely following.  
"There's probably a predator nearby..." whispered Soren. She knew this wasn't the place to ask him to trust her more, and just let out an exhasperated sigh. She turned around without making a sound, and he put is back against her, both scanning for any threats. "We'll always have each other's backs", their family motto clear in their minds.  
After the birds start calling again, he signalled left, and Saran followed. After reaching a safe distance, hearing the birdsong and chatter of @animal:unnamed_squirrel_rabbit_like, he took a breath of relief. He felt a tug on his shoulder. Looking the way his sister was pointing to, he found the unnamed_squirrel_rabbit_like, hopping around looking for berries.  
"First the hindleg tendon, then the neck," he thought to himself as he signalled his sister to wrap the opposite direction. "You can't catch a unnamed_squirrel_rabbit_like alone," he remembered his mother's words, "but with a friend, it's easy." After confirming his sister was in position, he gave the signal. She darted towards the unnamed_squirrel_rabbit_like.  
unnamed_squirrel_rabbit_like are easy to scare, and small animals like it tend to panic in such situations. It ran straight away from Saran, only to be caught by a knife to it's heel. Soren quickly gave it a small cut on the neck while it tried to crawl away, leaving it to bleed out.  
"When will you let me do that?" the 7-year-old demanded, "When you can do it on the table without mistakes," the 10-year old replied.  
